Improvements to the README file (#2578)
pnpm/pnpm: packages/pnpm/README.md

* **Strict.** A package can access only dependencies that are specified in its `package.json`.
* **Deterministic.** Has a lockfile called `pnpm-lock.yaml`.

> * **Works everywhere.** Works on Windows, Linux, and OS X.

Reviewer: In terms of the popularity of platforms these days, the order should be more like:

```
Works on macOS, Linux, and Windows.
```

> * **Works everywhere.** Works on Windows, Linux, and OS X.

Reviewer: Do you want to make this a separate PR?

> * **Mature.** Used by teams of [all sizes](https://pnpm.js.org/en/users.html) since 2016.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Battle-tested.** Used in production by teams of [all sizes](https://pnpm.js.org/en/users.html) since 2016. To quote the [Rush](https://rushjs.io/) team: “Microsoft uses PNPM in Rush repos with hundreds of projects and hundreds of PRs per day, and we’ve found it to be very fast and reliable.” Need we say more?

```
